All right welcome back.
So  we tsrtkk stood and so we have to still finish up our edit page right here.
Now we have two things here that we got to do in this lecture.
We're going to put an image on the left side of the user the Koreen user and we are also going to fix
this status here and find out why it's not working.
All right.
So let's go back to the cold real quick.
And as you can see right here we are the fault for it if we try.
No.
And I was thinking about this and I figure out the problem with typing no.
We let Laro bill actually input some information in our field.
But if we set a default it would not allow us to do that.
All right.
It would not do it correctly.
So let's go to users and we see that these guys now act if Ray we look at it and they're active.
Let's go back.
We see that Peter he's active he's working now as long as you don't put a fault.
You're good to go.
All right so that was an answer fits right.
All right cool.
So now let's get this tech attack the image sigh here.
I'm going to create a off with a class of S M 9:4 bootstrap.
Remember we using Bush roughly the scores of course guys you guys already knew there less than this
a little bit.
Here we go.
And now I'm going to separate this.
I'm going to put the image right here and another def and this one is going to be.
Whoops yeah it's OK right here.
So Image let's actually put a class on this.
And let's call it a I am g responsive.
And let's put another class in here.
I am g circle or round it will go.
Now this source.
Super simple user for all file.
Let's go back and check it out.
Real quick Refresh will.
It's working now guys.
All right.
Now we don't have a photo for this guy so we're going to get an error.
You might want to go to your user model and create some type of placeholder there.
If the photo is not there you know before it is not there you create some type of directory here.
Would a placeholder information or static information you write your conditions here or something like
that.
All right.
For now what we're going to be doing here we're going to detect this right here actually.
So we're going to see if they use a photo is there.
We want to display it so you can see a photo file.
But if it's not then we do a placeholder.
I'm going to use this Web site now.
I suggest for you to use some type of image so you what you might want to do something like this.
And then your image name.
OK.
Something that would say probably a placeholder.
Now the reason why I'm doing this is because right now I don't have no image.
And the reason why I recommend it for you to do that is because one day this Web site that I'm going
to use right now placeholder it might not be available and you don't want to have this in your server
in your life server.
All right.
So let's check it out real quick answer.
There we go see the placeholder.
That's beautiful.
I think we're making a really good improvement here.
You can also do the same thing for this year.
So let's go back to users and let's do that there as well.
I'm going to copy that and let's go back to the in user then that's And let's do that there.
All right instead of this playing Actually that's in the photo section I am g photo file.
Me once again
of course it's not going to display no user for all.
Let's do it in here.
Let's try that now.
OK.
They are 400 so we don't want to make them 400.
Right now we want to make them I believe is 50.
So forget this class here.
I like to do the cheerleaders right here in the beginning
.
Right.
And make it 50.
There we go.
I don't know what size this one is.
All right.
Pretty cool stuff.
I think we're done for now for this if if want when add something else.
I will let you guys know.
But I think we're doing pretty good.
What do you think.
All right.
So the next step would be to make sure that this update functionality is working.
Thank you so much for watching.
Let's attack it in the next lecture